# ResumeIt-chrome

This is small project I created few months back this repository is part of the project which contains the chrome extention needed. Idea is to let user carry on their task(browsing the web or playing video) they are doing in their chrome browser and resume it on their android devices in just a click.

You can either build the project from scratch or simply download the extention from chrome webstore.

# How to use:

1. Download/build android application counterpart  

2. Download chrome extension from below link or build from scratch from repository :

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/resumeit/fpgoaioabjkgnoaiofegpdicobmpifhc

3. In android app give permission to draw over other apps.

4. Followed by signing in via google id

5. Now generate a token from the android app 
Open you chrome extension you might have to pin down the extension. Enter the token generated by android app in the chrome extension and click refresh token. Now whenever you are browsing a web page in your chrome browser and you want same page to open in your android device just click extension and click "send payload". This also works on youtube, if you are watching any youtube video and want the video to resume on your android device you can click send payload and the video will load on your youtube app at exactly the same time that you left watching over chrome. Netflix and all apps that respond to link are also supported as of now.


# Chrome Webstore

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/resumeit/fpgoaioabjkgnoaiofegpdicobmpifhc

# Build from scratch

How to build:

1. Insert your credentials into src/js/firebaseConfig.js file
2. Run 'npm run build' command to build 
3. run 'npm run webby' command to create single js file (main.js) for project in dist folder.
4. Now in dist folder inside index.html replace script path from main.$.js -> main.js
4. Open chrome, Make sure you have developer option on.
5. Import the dist folder in chrome as an extention  
